Hey, everybody, welcome back to Boost
Your Income with Bootstrap to WordPress.
This lecture is called,
Code the "Featurette" Section and
Embed a YouTube Video.
Awesome.
Check it out.
[MUSIC]
All right guys, here is the section
we're gonna code in this lecture,
the course introduction,
or the video featurette.
It has a background here that is fixed,
so not necessarily parallaxed.
You can make it parallaxed if you want,
cause you know how to
do that at this point.
However, the background is just fixed,
so it kinda gives that similar effect.
And the video is embedded via YouTube.
And I'll show you how to do that.
So let's jump into our code.
Go down to the video featurette
section and let's get coding.
Section id of featurette and then we're
gonna have a little comment down here.
Whoops.
And then in here were gonna
do a .
And within here we'll do a row.
And then  A bootstrap column.
And we're going to center this, so
it's not going to be necessarily.
We're only going to have one,
eight column grid here.
But we're going to add an offset of two.
So call, small, offset two.
So it kinda gives a smaller width,
but it's centered.
Level two heading,
watch the course introduction.
All right, and now we're gonna
have to add the embed code,
which is an iFrame, and what you can do
is just head over to your browser, and
navigate to youTube.com/Hussy17,
that is me.
My YouTube channel.
Please subscribe.
And click on Videos.
And then one of the latest videos here,
depending on when you're watching it,
will says Boost Your Income with
Bootstrap to WordPress, coming soon.
Click on that video.
And then if you scroll
down you should be able to
hit share and then embed and
that gives you the embed code.
So copy that embed code.
Maybe uncheck this share with playlist so
just don't have this playlist check box.
And just copy the embed code here.
Okay, head back to your code editor and
paste that embed code.
And we're just gonna do
a little bit of a tweak here.
So instead of width 560,
we're gonna say width 100%.
That means the iframe will be
the full width of the column,
the eight column section
that we're within.
And the height will actually be 415.
Now if we save this and check this out,
you'll see it kind of worked,
but it also kind of didn't work.
So here's our course introduction and
the video looks like it can't be found and
that's because, if you're just in,
if you're not using a local host or
a server and you're just using static
HTML which we are in this case just
hosted here on my desktop, then it
can't find this file for some reason
because we're not technically connected
to the internet through this or a server.
So here's the issue, you can see source
and it doesn't have http or https.
It just has the double forward slashes and
that's because when you're on a server or
when you're live.
Then depending on what
YouTube can serve up.
What their able to serve up HTTP or HTTPS.
This just says hey whatever you can
serve up whether it's secure or
not just send it my way.
And this just lets YouTube decide
what version they want to serve up.
But when you're just using
static HTML on your desktop.
Then this doesn't really work.
So just to see the video, add http or
https, and then a colon,
and then save that, and
now your video should work on your
static version of your website.
However, you're not going to need
that http Colon when you're coding
this in your WordPress site, cuz you'll
be hosting this on your local server.
And you won't need to do that because it
will work by that point kind of like this.
This is my local host.
And it works.
And I'm just using the forward,
the two forward slashes.
So you can leave it in now,
the HTTPS or you could take it out so
you can remember later to remove it.
But let's leave it right now
just cause it looks nice.
Okay.
Let's jump back in.
Now that we have the HTML coded we
just need to do a little bit of CSS.
And if you just under your project
features add a little bit of CSS for
the featurette, and
that will be fairly simple.
Background url,
../img/stuff-bg.jpg.
Make sure to close that with the string,
and that is an image in our image folder.
And then 50%, 100%, that means center and
top, I believe, or center and bottom.
Repeat fixed.
You can play around with that and
see what it does.
Let's just try this.
Save that and let's just see what happens.
Okay so there it is.
And now if I scroll it stays there.
Now let me just shrink my window.
Do you see how the background
doesn't change?
Like it doesn't change size.
It doesn't scale with
the width of the browser.
And we're gonna want to do that.
So, all you need to do is go background,
size and cover.
And that will solve that issue for you.
So, check it out.
See how it makes sure the image is, up to
a certain point, it kind of scales it.
So this is so
if you have a really large desktop,
it will scale that background image.
The height and the width of it.
And now text align center and
color:white because that level two
heading is dark and now should be white.
Check it out.
And there it is is.
There is our semi paralax background,
our fixed background.
Gives us a neat little affect,
almost like a page folding effect with
the paper coming up above the background.
It looks good.
And that's it for this section.
And don't go anywhere because in the next
lecture we're going to start coding this
jumbo section down here with
Elvis Brad and some cool things.
There are some cool little things here in
this section that you're gonna like doing.
These are CSS circles with icon font so
this is actually kinda special here.
And these things are circles as well
using CSS3, I think you'll like it.
See you in the next lecture.
[MUSIC]